Feat(web-react): TooltipModern tooltip hover (#1346)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/Tooltip/README.md

| `isOpen`                        | `bool`                                       | -                   | ✔        | Open state                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `onToggle`                      | `() => void`                                 | -                   | ✔        | Function for toggle open state of dropdown                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `placement`                     | [Placement Dictionary][dictionary-placement] | "bottom"            | ✕        | Placement of tooltip                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `isOpenOnHover`                 | `bool`                                       | false               | ✕        | Allows you to mouse over a tooltip without closing it. We suggest turn off `click` trigger if you use this feature.                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `isOpenOnHover`                 | `bool`                                       | false               | ✕        | Allows you to mouse over a tooltip without closing it. We suggest turning off the `click` trigger if you use this feature.                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `isClickableOnHover`            | `bool`                                       | false               | ✕        | Allows you to mouse over a tooltip without closing it. We suggest turning off the `click` trigger if you use this feature.                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: yes i forgot to save this file, thanks
